22.1.2.1 What we want
Typically, we want

• Correctness: Yes, it can be difficult to define what we mean by
"correct," but doing so is an important part of the complete job. Often,
others define for us what is correct for a given project, but then we
have to interpret what they say.

• Maintainability: Every successful program will be changed over time;
it will be ported to new hardware and software platforms, it will be
extended with new facilities, and new bugs will be found that must be
fixed. The sections below about ideals for program structure address
this ideal.

• Performance: Performance ("efficiency") is a relative term.
Performance has to be adequate for the program's purpose. It is often
claimed that efficient code is necessarily low-level and that concerns
with a good, high-level structure of the code cause inefficiency. On the
contrary, we find that acceptable performance is often achieved
through adherence to the ideals and approaches we recommend. The
STL is an example of code that is simultaneously abstract and very
efficient. Poor performance can as easily arise from an obsession with
low-level details as it can from disdain for such details.

• On-time delivery: Delivering the perfect program a year late is usually
not good enough. Obviously, people expect the impossible, but we
need to deliver quality software in a reasonable time. There is a myth
that "completed on time" implies shoddiness. On the contrary, we find
that emphasis on good structure (e.g., resource management,
invariants, and interface design), design for testability, and use of
appropriate libraries (often designed for a specific application or
application area) is a good way to meet deadlines.

This leads to a concern for structure in our code:

• If there is a bug in a program (and every large program has bugs), it is
easier to find in a program with a clear structure.

• If a program needs to be understood by a new person or needs to be
modified in some way, a clear structure is comprehensible with far less
effort than a mess of low-level details.

• If a program hits a performance problem, it is often easier to tune a
high-level program (one that is a good approximation of the ideals and
has a well-defined structure) than a low-level or messy one. For
starters, the high-level one is more likely to be understandable.
Second, the high-level one is often ready for testing and tuning long
before the low-level one.